document the `packages` option in Pulumi.yaml project files (#14573)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/iac/concepts/projects/project-file.md

This option can be set to `mypy` or `pyright`. (For additional type checkers, file an issue at [https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/issues).). If set, the given type checker will be invoked to check the Python code before running the Pulumi program.

### `packages` options

> `packages` is a map of package names to either `package add` arguments or structured package declarations.  It lists the packages that  list of packages that the program is using. `pulumi install` will install the packages, and generate SDKs for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `packages` variable is a mapping of package names to either `package add` arguments or structured package declarations. It specifies the packages that the program is utilizing. The command `pulumi install` will install these packages and generate the corresponding SDKs for them.
```
